"To meme or not to meme, that is also a question.”

vote Yes = to meme

vote No = no matter you like it or not, meme is going to stay. 😂😂😂 



## Memes exist like energy**
Memes exist almost like energy: it can be changed from one form to another, and it will stay and cannot be destroyed. Through imitation of a piece of text, an image, a video clip, sound or a combination of them, Meme can be a good joke. However, a successful meme could become a powerful medium to possibly prevent a war or even save a country. We believe that memes consistently drive the evolution of communication on the internet, and it almost becomes a second language in our arsenal of exchanging meaning in the digital social experience. The internet amplifies the possibilities of memes, and we foresee that blockchain technology would empower memes to go even further. 

## Meme Network - The first blockchain network built to facilitate memes** 

Meme Network is a meme-friendly ecosystem built in Cosmos network that features high transparency, irreversible data, and collective consensus with autonomy and community-focused approach. An integrated platform offers tools and applications to empower meme lovers to create, distribute and monetize memes.

## Transit internet memes from Web 2.0 to Web 3.0**
Our goal is to provide a scalable solution to transit internet memes from a relatively enclosed and monopolized environment in Web 2.0 to a decentralized ecosystem in Web 3.0. We believe everyone has a story to tell. Meme Network liberates creativity so memers — our community is empowered and equipped to create whatever they want, wherever they want. With our tools & Layer 1 network, everybody is granted true ownership to their creation. It aims to become a community-owned ecosystem, 55% of $MEME initial supply had already been distributed to the community through genesis airdrop, public users currently own the majority of $MEME supply.

- The problem in Web 2.0: enclosed, censorship, controlled, monopolized by a few resourceful entities
- A potential solution in Web 3.0: decentralized, transparent, open, irreversible record, censorship-resistant, trustworthy, consensus system

## $MEME - The fun, witty currency of Meme Network apps

$MEME is the native token of Meme Network Blockchain used as “gas fee” across all Meme  Apps. It is also used for staking and governance on Meme Network. $MEME can be purchased on decentralized exchanges and stored in wallet that supports $MEME Tokens. 

## We make fun little dApps to better serve meme and its lovers

Meme Network brings new and unique utilities to the Cosmos ecosystem and embraces the interoperability of IBC (Inter Blockchain Communication) to supercharge our applications. Several dApps are being developed including MEME Creator Tool, NFT Marketplace and Incubator and ultimately a MEME Social Platform.

### MEME Creator Tools

Can a meme be art? The first release is MEME Art, a creative application that offers essential features to create a meme. Most importantly, it is way beyond just [add your text here]. All creations produced in MEME Art can be minted as NFTs (non-fungible tokens) and capable to store and exchange in our MEME NFT Marketplace, where creators are all granted true ownership of their work. 

### MEME NFT Marketplace

The layer-one decentralized NFT marketplace in the COSMOS ecosystem offers functionality of exchange, auction, and voting to all Memers to enjoy a permission-less environment to monetize their creativity.

### MEME Incubator

MEME Incubator opens up the opportunity to crypto start-up projects with a ready-to-use infrastructure in our network. It authorizes our community mint their own token, form a governance system (DAO - Decentralized Autonomous Organization), or even create interoperable applications with the advantage of Cosmos IBC.

### MEME Social Network

MEME Social Network is our ultimate goal. It aims to be a decentralized communication tool, where Memers are only requires a MEME wallet to be connected with the community and share ideas with each other. 

## The question mark

“*The important thing is to not stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing.*” Albert Einstein


Memetic echoes.

This quote triggered our decision of using a bold, modern question mark as logo of Meme Network. It symbolically resonates our attitude and curiosity towards the future development of blockchain, If meme is an open-ended question, our mission is to get it discovered the answered in a memetic way along with our community.


Website: https://meme.sx 

Medium : https://memenetwork.medium.com 

Twitter: https://twitter.com/memememenetwork 

Discord: https://discord.gg/memenetwork 



Meme Network 










